docs: add "Error Handling" in "Upgrading from 3.x to 4.x" (#8350)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/installation/upgrade_4xx.rst

- The hook point ``post_system`` has moved just before sending the final rendered
  page.

Error Handling
==============

> - The behavior in CI4 has been slightly changed.

Reviewer: At first glance, I don't quite understand it well. Can we make it in tabular form?

>   - In CI3, ignored errors by ``error_reporting()`` in **index.php** are not logged,
>     but other errors are logged (but depending on the ``log_threshold`` setting,
>     they may not be written to the log file). Only errors with the error level
>     ``E_ERROR | E_PARSE | E_COMPILE_ERROR | E_CORE_ERROR | E_USER_ERROR``
>     will stop the framework processing, regardless of the error level set in
>     ``error_reporting()``.
>   - In CI4, only errors with the error level set by ``error_reporting()`` in
>     **app/Config/Boot/{environment}.php** are logged (but depending on the
>     ``Config\Logger::$threshold`` setting, they may not be written to the log file).
>     All errors that are not ignored by ``error_reporting()`` will stop the
>     framework processing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - In CI3 the behavior was set in the **index.php** file:
      - errors ignored by ``error_reporting()`` was not logged;
      - other errors were logged (depending on the settings in ``log_threshold``, they may not have been written to the log file);
      - errors with an error level of ``E_ERROR | E_PARSE | E_COMPILE_ERROR | E_CORE_ERROR | E_USER_ERROR`` stopped framework processing, regardless of the error level set in ``error_reporting()``;
  - In CI4, the behavior is set in the **app/Config/Boot/{environment}.php** file:
      - errors with the error level set by ``error_reporting()`` are logged (but depending on the
    ``Config\Logger::$threshold`` setting, they may not be written to the log file);
      - all errors that are not ignored by ``error_reporting()`` will stop the framework processing;
```

Or maybe we can create a list, to make it more readable?

- The hook point ``post_system`` has moved just before sending the final rendered
  page.

Error Handling
==============

- The behavior in CI4 has been slightly changed.

>   - In CI3 the behavior was set in the **index.php** file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - In CI3 the behavior is set in the **index.php** file:
```
